SSR-3957: Add Devnet Community link on user guide and gitHub (#1445)
kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component: README.md

For the details, please check [Contributing Guideline](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).<br>

If you have a question or feature request, please register [GitHub issue](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/issues).<br>

> And we use [Discussions feature of GitHub](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/discussions) as our community page.<br>
> 
> You can also utilize the following community spaces. This community is made up of volunteers.<br>
> - [kintone developer forum (English site)](https://forum.kintone.dev/c/general/1)

Reviewer: Please arrange like this.

```suggestion
About questions, you can also utilize the following community spaces. These communities are made up of volunteers.<br>
- [kintone developer forum (English site)](https://forum.kintone.dev/c/general/1)
- [cybozu developer community (Japanese site)](https://community.cybozu.dev/c/kintone/5)

And we use [Discussions feature of GitHub](https://github.com/kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component/discussions) as our community page dedicated to this tool.<br>
```
